MRI Image Reconstruction
The challenge should be completed using Python and any relevant libraries you need.
Get the dataset at this link. The dataset contains 973 HDF files with k-space MRI data. Each .h5 file contains the following:
- kspace: Emulated single-coil k-space data. The shape of the kspace tensor is (number of slices, height, width).
- reconstruction_rss: The root-sum-of-squares reconstruction of the multi-coil k-space that was used to derive the emulated single-coil k-space cropped to the center 320 x 320 region. The shape of the reconstruction tensor is (number of slices, 320, 320).
- reconstruction_esc: The inverse Fourier transform of the single-coil k-space data cropped to the center 320 x 320 region. The shape of the reconstruction tensor is (number of slices, 320, 320).

We’d like to create a model that can reconstruct the images from an undersampled k-space.
1. Load an example k-space data and produce an MRI image
2. Create a GRAPPA-style sampling mask that densely samples in the center while subsampling outer k-space regions based on a provided undersampling factor. The function should have two parameters: the fraction of the data to keep from the centre, and the undersampling factor
3. Use the sampling mask to generate k-space data that keeps 5% of the data from the centre, while undersampled the rest by a factor of 8,
4. Produce images of the subsampled data and compare to the originals
5. Train a deep-learning network to reconstruct the full quality images. You may use one of the methods described in this paper or any other of your choosing. Please explain your choices in a few sentences.
6. Report a statistical measure of the success, as well your subjective impression
7. Create a Python script called ‘train.py’ that will train the model and report the performance
8. Create a repository on Github for your solution. The repository should contain everything necessary to run the code.
    1. The train script
    2. A readme.md explaining your solution (a notebook would also be acceptable)
    3. Environment definition: a requirements.txt, environment.yml, or dockerfile
    4. Do not include the data file in your repository, simply indicate where the file should go in your project folder
9. If you had more time, what would you do to improve the performance of this algorithm?